Ha I am, we go to Japan.
Well, if we can go somewhere else in Asia, that would be cool, well
yeah, so would do you want to go before or after?
oh that's true and then we take take our small
or else
I wanna go to Taiwan.
Taiwan
And then, I definitely want to go back to Korea.
Yeah, yeah., so it mean it
Yeah, how many eat mangoes with the ***
Yup
Now I want to go to Hong Kong for the mango dessert, huhh
Hahaha huh kind of no one I heard that Taiwanese people are really nice.
aahm, I would, I would be open to that, but I just...
I don't know where. Because it's so big.
Even Hong Kong? even Hong Kong?
yeah okay
Mmm
yeah
yeah, it's true
It's truely
aahmm
yeah
ahh
yeah, I am still want to go.
No
No? cuz it's only in Korea., and I'm only not going to go, on real
Oh no I don't know this
Ahh, mmm, no no
yeah
Do you open to a vote? Do everything's like super expensive.
Yeah, because you know our family friend that was living there they said like produce
It was like stupid expensive.
yeah
But it seems nice, and the, and the airport's like really crazy looking
ohh yeah
What's your favourite? But it's ***
Really? But they did so well, right?
Yeah, but isn't it like out of the way like? ***
So I don't know and I feel like if we go out somewhere like that
the there's like no English,
huhaha
I saw, I think it's on a Fuji street right? They have like...
they go far so Or like a museum? or that's like
yeah
yeah the small hat, yeah yeah, Does Fuji look?
Okay, but they have like so I forget if it was just go-kart or like
They had like museum or like...
Marching like store, Did I send it to you? I don't remember.
I think maybe I saved it.
yeah, yeah yeah
And I didn't realize that Daikoku area...
It's like really close to Yokohama. Or it's in Yokohama. Where the they have those ah...
correct
yeah
really? oh you still gone
Yeah well, I know him, I mean I'm I'm I'm down to do it.
Yeah.
most dwarfisim
You don't think there's obi-wan?
yeah, Huhahaha
What else would you want to do? so like making
no
yeah
I wonder, you know, if we close it down, do you think really...
program in
yeah, you think it might, Like a name? your name?
wow
They said that in an email? They said that on the phone, right?
Oh, ok, yeah. I mean, it looks really nice.